Great question! And one one my favorite subjects to talk about so you’re in for a novel XD.

I’ve heard music described as the intersection of the algorithmic and the spiritual, and I think writing code exists at the intersection of the algorithmic and the practical, so I consider the two disciplines to be a lot more related than might be obvious (for that reason amongst others)!

One of my favorite Jazz anecdotes is about how John Coltrane learned how to improvise on Giant Steps, a song that challenges the soloists to play seamlessly over 3 keys as unrelated as is theoretically possible (they are each a major third apart, which divides the octave equally and ensures that no single common tone exists between all three) at a very fast tempo. To accomplish this task, he worked out every single possible permutation of sequencing of the four most consonant and melodically coherent note choices for each chord in the piece, and practiced each of them until he could mix and match them extemporaneously — exactly how a software engineer might approach the problem.

As for how I actually executed the transition: In 2014 I began studying and writing code 8+ hours a day until I was ready to apply for a “boot camp” with a 12% acceptance rate and a 90+% job placement rate. I worked tirelessly throughout the program, exceeded expectations on many of the exams, and was considered one of my cohort’s top graduates. After that I was well prepared to pass the technical interview for the job at CVS that I stayed at from October 2015 until  March of this year.

I further honed my skills while at CVS by working on a variety of difficult problems and also continuing to read technical documentation and source code cover to cover and attending conferences whenever I was able, all of which allowed me to grow from a junior to a senior developer in just two years with the company.

My work at CVS had me wearing many different hats, but on one memorable project I set out to improve the reliability of an application I was working on by expanding our seed data for automated testing to include every possible permutation of promotional data, generated procedurally — exactly how Coltrane would have approached the problem, I like to think. Not long after I was asked to serve as the lead developer on that app, and that seed data script was one of several innovations of mine still serving reliably at the time of my departure years later.

Jazz musicians are experts at pattern recognition, rapid analysis of the technical requirements of a song, adapting on the fly, absorbing information quickly, and working as a unit in which everyone contributes equally within the context of their specific role and is expected to both lead and follow from time to time with equal proficiency — all of which make us well suited for a modern engineering team. A well written Jazz score follows complex but time tested conventions whose consistent application allow a working musician to comprehend the music as quickly and effortlessly as possible, and clean code and useful technical documentation follow similar principles. I’m active in numerous local bands, and I almost always find that the lessons from my IT life translate well to my musical life and vice versa.
